volkswagen goes into racing from 2010
completely new ways
the piste is now green of
brand cup environmental technically
brought forward
after six years polo cup one has the
scirocco cup was launched
the clou the reindeer bus used
drive with natural gas
from the outside you do not recognize that the 220th
ps strong two-liter tfsi engine with
Natural gas is running and thus 80 percent
emits less co2 than before
emphasize at the official presentation
the responsible the importance of
environmental thought also for racing
for vw motorsport boss is kris nissen
the scirocco cup exemplifies the
basic idea with the scirocco group is
very clear that we are here as a pioneer
go out and show what volkswagen
can
we are a very very good innovative
company we always have new ideas
and now we are going to minus 80 percent
no one has got co2 into the race yet
managed and I think we put it
a question for which the introduction of the
eurocups sees vw development chief
ulrich hackenberg as logical
consequence of the ongoing environmental debate
and winning the image is natural
not to despise either
that the public the media though
also our customers also this topic
a lot of record and it fits in
the time
saving the theme of co2 also has one
high importance and therefore you can the
idea to transfer that too
our cup series and after the
technology for 24 hours already running
but it was said that
we now transfer to the cup series
and thus have a higher one
Representation also in the media already
at this year's 24 hour race on
nürburgring went natural gas scirocco to the
begin
kept up easily and were too
still extremely successful
in the class for alternative drives
in front of vw sovereign the class victory 1
in the overall classification one took
surprisingly a superb 17
that with natural gas more reasonable in fan
can prove so well ours
test driver patrick simon at 24 hours
race in a gasoline scirocco
On the way , a picture of the
make ecologically correct brother
On the race track in Oschersleben there
he really gas in the truest sense
just the 1
a real difference
this deep
this card is a short concert
my heart has
1130 kilograms, the gas rocket weighs almost
200 kilograms less than the series
scirocco the sheet metal dress remains spoiler
at the front and rear provide the necessary
output
this would have 18 inches and Michel on
rubbers hidden behind the fuel filler flap
Filling the cng largest
difference to series natural gas car the
Racing scirocco is monovalent on the road
and has no gasoline reserves them
there's racing car typical park to the
two-liter turbo of the 24-hour race
was 282 ps 33 less than his
gasoline brother
which are how to do it
sign
we go
the car
At the end of the test drive feedback please
burner with natural gas definitely goes the 24th
hours of running proved
b , I could really do one today
give impression the car has one
a little less torque otherwise
performance unfolding at the chain
absolutely equate with the gasoline with
but he also has a turbo engine
advantages over petrol
when you really get a strength out
the consumer wants to work now
just a bit more efficient
a bit cheaper consumption and straight
at the pit stop 24 hours clock
faster after just cool number
and how it goes in natural gas boliden
Modern racing cars are not so much anymore
Hard to drive, there is not more
those beasts that used to exist in the past
old cup porsche what you all
Beast that was a monster with too
Performance modern racing cars are relative
easy to drive at a good level
where is that special that you too
fast on a very simple level
can move the car
respect that also applies to the scirocco
optimally straight for young drivers finds
Rennlegende striezel stucco as mythical
robocup the best way for you
young drivers enter the
Motorsport was incredibly fair
the cars are equal it may not
getting tested
These are perfect conditions
sophisticated vehicles already very much
Fast on the road are a perfect
possibility but also known
racers like stock itself have become
even as a guest for the scirocco
cup logged in
the mixed starter field promises
plenty of tension
green motorsport a combination of the
until recently unimaginable
Let's go next year